Update README.md for UI font (#104)
braver/fonts: README.md

Disable the package to re-enable the normal font settings.

# How to change the UI font

> fonts defaultly change `Syntax` To change UI font

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `fonts` package will change font only inside the text editor. To change the font for the whole UI,
```

Add this rule (with your favorite font-family) to your `style.less` file

```css
atom-workspace {
    font-family: Mononoki;
}
```

> Alternatively if you want to test fonts fastly and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you want to test fonts quickly and 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

***don't want diffrent fonts for `UI` `Syntax` then add this to `style.less`***
```css
atom-workspace {
  font-family: var(--fonts-package-editorfont);
}
```

> - _this code works with `fonts:open-font-selector` command (e.g. from command palette)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will apply a font selected via `fonts:open-font-selector` command to the UI as well as text editors.
```
